                    





                         NOTICE


*****************************************************************
********
             

                         NOTICE


*****************************************************************
********

This document was originally prepared in Word Perfect.  

If the original document contained--

                    *  Footnotes
                    *  Boldface & Italics

--this information  is missing in this version

The document format (spacing, margins, tabs, etc.) is changed
too.

If you need the complete document, download the Word Perfect
version.

For information about downloading documents (FTP) see file
pnmc5021.

File  pnmc5021 (.txt & .wp) is in directory
\pub\Public_Notices\Miscellaneous.

*****************************************************************
********

                                Before the 
                     FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C. 20554
                                                                 DA-96-1459
In the matter of                   )
                                   )
FACILICOM INTERNATIONAL, L.L.C.    )
                                   )
Application for authority to       ) File No. I-T-C-96-322
acquire and operate facilities     )
for service to Denmark and Sweden. )

                          ORDER AND AUTHORIZATION

Adopted:  August 26, 1996               Released: August 30, 1996

By the Chief, Telecommunications Division:

          1.   Upon consideration of the above-captioned
uncontested application, filed pursuant to Section 214 of the
Communications Act of 1934, as amended, we find that the present
and future public convenience and necessity require a grant
thereof.

          2.   Accordingly,   it is ordered   that application
File No. I-T-C-96-322 IS GRANTED, and Facilicom International,
L.L.C. (FCI) is authorized to:

     a.   acquire on an Indefeasible Right of User basis a one-
     half interest in and operate two E-1 circuits in the CANUS-1
     and CANTAT-III Cable Systems, between the United States and
     Canada, and between Canada and Denmark and Sweden;

     b.   lease and operate connecting facilities between the
     CANUS-1 terminal in Manahawkin, New Jersey and FCI's New
     York operating office;

     c.   lease a one-half interest in and operate any necessary
     overseas connecting facilities; and

     d.   use said facilities to provide regularly authorized
     services, including switched voice and data and private line
     services, between the United States and Denmark (one E-1),
     and between the United States and Sweden (one E-1).

          3.    IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that our authorization of
FCI to provide private lines between the United States and
Denmark as part of its authorized services is limited to the
provision of such private lines only between the United States
and Denmark -- that is, private lines which originate in the
United States and terminate in Denmark or which originate in
Denmark and terminate in the United States.  In addition, FCI may
not -- and FCI's tariff must state that its customers may not --
connect private lines provided over these facilities to the
public switched network at either the U.S. or Denmark end, or
both, for the provision of international switched basic services,
unless authorized to do so by the Commission upon a finding that
Denmark affords resale opportunities equivalent to those
available under U.S. law, in accordance with Foreign Carrier
Entry Order, 11 FCC Rcd 3873 (1995). The limitations in this
paragraph are subject to the exception contained in Section
63.18(e)(4)(ii) of the Commission's Rules, 47 C.F.R.
63.18(e)(4)(ii).  

          4.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that our authorization of
FCI to provide private line service between the United States and
Sweden as part of its authorized services is limited to the
provision of service between the United States and Sweden -- that
is, non-interconnected private lines or private lines which carry
switched traffic that originate in the United States and that
terminate in Sweden or  that originate in Sweden and that
terminate in the United States. However, the applicant may engage
in "switched hubbing" consistent with the rules adopted in the
Foreign Carrier Entry Order, 11 FCC Rcd 3873, paras. 169-170. 
See also Cable & Wireless, et al., 11 FCC Rcd 1766 (1996), para.
36.  

          5.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that grant of this
application is conditioned upon Sweden continuing to afford
resale opportunities equivalent to those available under U.S. 
law.   
          
          6.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file copies of any operating agreements it enters into with its
foreign correspondents with the Commission within 30 days of
their execution, and shall otherwise comply with the filing
requirements contained in Section 43.51 of the Commission's
Rules, 47 C.F.R. 43.51.

          7.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file a tariff pursuant to Section 203 of the Communications Act,
47 U.S.C.  203, and Part 61 of the Commission's Rules, 47 C.F.R.
Part 61, for the service authorized in this Order.

          8.    IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file the annual reports of overseas telecommunications traffic
required by Section 43.61 of the Commission's Rules, 47 C.F.R.
43.61.

          9.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file annual circuit status reports in accordance with the
requirements set forth in Rules for Filing of International
Circuit Status Reports, CC Docket No. 93-157, Report and Order,
10 FCC Rcd 8605 (1995).

          10.  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that this authorization is
issued subject to the terms and conditions of any license for the 
CANUS-1  cable system issued herein under the Act entitled "An
Act relating to the landing and operation of submarine cables in
the United States," 47 U.S.C.  34-39.

          11.  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file an application pursuant to Section 214 of the Communications
Act of 1934, as amended, before adding any circuits or channels
of communication for the provision of service over the CANUS-1

          12.  This order is issued under Section 0.261 of the
Commission's Rules and is effective upon adoption.  Petitions for
reconsideration under Section 1.106 or applications for review
under Section 1.115 of the Commission's Rules may be filed within
30 days of the date of public notice of this order (see Section
1.4(b)(2)).

                         FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION



                         Diane J. Cornell
                         Chief, Telecommunications Division
                         International Bureau                    
             