                    





                         NOTICE


*****************************************************************
********
             

                         NOTICE


*****************************************************************
********

This document was originally prepared in Word Perfect.  

If the original document contained--

                    *  Footnotes
                    *  Boldface & Italics

--this information  is missing in this version

The document format (spacing, margins, tabs, etc.) is changed
too.

If you need the complete document, download the Word Perfect
version.

For information about downloading documents (FTP) see file
pnmc5021.

File  pnmc5021 (.txt & .wp) is in directory
\pub\Public_Notices\Miscellaneous.

*****************************************************************
********
                                Before the 
                     FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION
                          Washington, D.C. 20554
                                                       DA 96-1561
In the matter of                   )
                                   )
VIATEL, INC.                       )
                                   )
Application for authority to       ) File No. I-T-C-96-423
acquire and operate facilities     )
for service to the United Kingdom. )

                   ORDER, AUTHORIZATION AND CERTIFICATE

Adopted: September 13, 1996        Released: September 20, 1996

By the Chief, Telecommunications Division:

          1.   On July 26, 1996, Viatel, Inc. (Viatel) filed the
above-captioned application requesting authority, pursuant to
Section 214 of the Communications Act of 1934, as amended, to
provide facilities-based switched and private line services
between the United States and the United Kingdom.    The
application was placed on public notice on August 2, 1996.  No
comments were received.

          2.   Viatel, a Delaware corporation, is authorized to
provide resale services between the United States and the United
Kingdom.  It now seeks authority to provide facilities-based
services.  Viatel states that it is affiliated with Viatel U.K.
Ltd., a foreign carrier as defined in Section 63.18(h)(1)(ii) of
the Commission's Rules.  Viatel further states that Viatel U.K.
Ltd. is a non-dominant resale carrier and thus has no market
power in the United Kingdom.

          3.   Since Viatel is affiliated with a foreign carrier
under the Commission's rules, the Commission must determine
whether or not to conduct an effective competitive opportunities
analysis of the United Kingdom international services market. 
The Commission stated in the Foreign Carrier Entry Order that it
would apply this analysis only to applications from foreign
carriers that have market power, or to U.S. carriers that are
affiliated with such carriers, in the destination markets they
seek to serve.  If the affiliation is with a non-dominant foreign
carrier, the Commission would not apply an effective competitive
opportunities analysis to the application.  Because Viatel U.K.
Ltd. is a resale carrier with no control of bottleneck
facilities, we find that it is a non-dominant carrier and
therefore we do not need to conduct an analysis of the United
Kingdom market.  

          4.   Upon consideration of the application and in view
of the foregoing, IT IS HEREBY CERTIFIED that the present and
future public convenience and necessity require the provision of
facilities-based services between the United States and the
United Kingdom by Viatel.

          5.   Accordingly, it is ordered that application File
No. I-T-C-96-423 IS GRANTED, and Viatel is authorized to:

     a.   acquire on an Indefeasible Right of User basis a one-
     half interest in and operate one circuit in the CANUS-1 and
     CANTAT-III Cable Systems, between the United States and
     Canada, and between Canada and the United Kingdom;

     b.   lease and operate any necessary connecting facilities
     in the United States; 

     c.   lease a one-half interest in and operate any necessary
     overseas connecting facilities; and

     d.   use said facilities to provide regularly authorized
     services, including switched voice and data and private line
     services, between the United States and the United Kingdom.

          5.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that our authorization of
Viatel to provide private line service between the United States
and the United Kingdom as part of its authorized services is
limited to the provision of service between the United States and
the United Kingdom -- that is, non-interconnected private lines
or private lines which carry switched traffic that originates in
the United States and that terminates in the United Kingdom or 
that originates in the United Kingdom and that terminates in the
United States. However, the applicant may engage in "switched
hubbing" consistent with the rules adopted in the Foreign Carrier
Entry Order, 11 FCC Rcd 3873, paras. 169-170.  See also Cable &
Wireless, et al., 11 FCC Rcd 1766 (1996), para. 36.  

          6.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that grant of this
application is conditioned upon the United Kingdom continuing to
afford resale opportunities equivalent to those available under
U.S. law.   
          
          7.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file copies of any operating agreements it enters into with its
foreign correspondents with the Commission within 30 days of
their execution, and shall otherwise comply with the filing
requirements contained in Section 43.51 of the Commission's
Rules, 47 C.F.R. 43.51.
          8.   IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file a tariff pursuant to Section 203 of the Communications Act,
47 U.S.C.  203, and Part 61 of the Commission's Rules, 47 C.F.R.
Part 61, for the service authorized in this Order.

          9.    IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file the annual reports of overseas telecommunications traffic
required by Section 43.61 of the Commission's Rules, 47 C.F.R.
43.61.

          10.  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that the applicant shall
file annual circuit status reports in accordance with the
requirements set forth in Rules for Filing of International
Circuit Status Reports, CC Docket No. 93-157, Report and Order,
10 FCC Rcd 8605 (1995).

          11.  IT IS FURTHER ORDERED that this authorization is
issued subject to the terms and conditions of any license for the 
CANUS-1  cable system issued herein under the Act entitled "An
Act relating to the landing and operation of submarine cables in
the United States," 47 U.S.C.  34-39.

          12.  This order is issued under Section 0.261 of the
Commission's Rules and is effective upon adoption.  Petitions for
reconsideration under Section 1.106 or applications for review
under Section 1.115 of the Commission's Rules may be filed within
30 days of the date of public notice of this order (see Section
1.4(b)(2)).

                         FEDERAL COMMUNICATIONS COMMISSION



                         Diane J. Cornell
                         Chief, Telecommunications Division
                         International Bureau                    
             